{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 1. what is the disadvantage of tire-4 native protocol driver?\par
Ans. At client side, a separate driver is needed for each database.\par
2. BLOB, CLOB, ARRAY and REF columns can be updated in\par
Ans. JDBC 3.0\par
3.which of the following methods finds the maximum number of connections that a specific driver can obtain?\par
Ans. DatabaseMetaData.getMaxConnections\par
4. which of the following allows non repeatable read in JDBC Connection?\par
Ans. TRANSACTION_REPEATABLE_READ\par
5.the class java.sql.Timestamp has its supper class as\par
Ans. java.util.Date\par
6.which is the false as far as type 4 driver is concern?\par
Ans.  Type 4 drivers can not be used with Netscape\par
7. which of the following methods are needed for loading a database driver in JDBC?\par
Ans. registerDriver() method And Class.forName()\par
8. which driver is efficient and always preferable for using JDBC applications?\par
Ans. Type-4\par
9.which is the false as far as type 4 driver is concern in JDBC?\par
Ans.  Interim Statement\par
10. The JDBC-ODBC bridge supports multiple concurrent open statements per connection?\par
Ans. True\par
11.All raw data types ( including binary documents or images ) should be read and uploaded to the database as an array of\par
Ans. byte\par
12. The Jdbc-odbc is------\par
Ans. Multithreaded\par
13. which driver is called as thin driver in JDBC?\par
Ans. Type-4 driver\par
14. To execute a stored procedure "totalstock" in a database server, which of the folllowing code snipet is used?\par
Ans.CallableStatement clbstmnt = con.prepareCall("\{call totalStock\}");cs.executeQuery();\par
15. When the message "No suitable driver " occurs?\par
Ans.  When the JDBC database URL passed is not constructed properly\par
16. Are prepared statements actually compiled?\par
Ans.  Yes, they compiled\par
17.How many transaction isolation levels are defined in java.sql.Connection interface?\par
Ans.5\par
18. JDBC facilities to store the java objectives by using which of the methods of prepared statement 1. setObject() 2. setBlob() 3.setClob\par
Ans. all of the above\par
19. which statement is static and syncronized in JDBC API?\par
Ans. getConnection()\par
20. which of the following methods are needed for loading a database driver in JDBC?\par
Ans. registerDriver() method and Class.forName()\par
\par
21.1. Which statements about JDBC are true? (2 answers)\par
[_] [a] JDBC is an API to connect to relational-, object- and XML data sources\par
[_] [b] JDBC stands for Java DataBase Connectivity\par
[_] [c] JDBC is an API to access relational databases, spreadsheets and flat files\par
[_] [d] JDBC is an API to bridge the object-relational mismatch between OO programs and relational\par
databases\par
Ans.b, c\par
22. Which packages contain the JDBC classes?\par
O (a) java.jdbc and javax.jdbc\par
O (b) java.jdbc and java.jdbc.sql\par
O (c) java.sql and javax.sql\par
O (d) java.rdb and javax.rdb\par
Ans. c\par
\par
23. Which type of driver converts JDBC calls into the network protocol used by the database management\par
system directly?\par
O (a) Type 1 driver\par
O (b) Type 2 driver\par
O (c) Type 3 driver\par
O (d) Type 4 driver\par
Ans. d\par
\par
24. Which type of Statement can execute parameterized queries?\par
O (a) PreparedStatement\par
O (b) ParameterizedStatement\par
O (c) ParameterizedStatement and CallableStatement\par
O (d) All kinds of Statements (i.e. which implement a sub interface of Statement)\par
Ans. a\par
\par
25. How can you retrieve information from a ResultSet?\par
O (a) By invoking the method get(..., String type) on the ResultSet, where type is the\par
database type\par
O (b) By invoking the method get(..., Type type) on the ResultSet, where Type is an object\par
which represents a database type\par
O (c) By invoking the method getValue(...), and cast the result to the desired Java type.\par
O (d) By invoking the special getter methods on the ResultSet: getString(...),\par
getBoolean (...), getClob(...),...\par
Ans. d\par
\par
26. How can you execute DML statements (i.e. insert, delete, update) in the database?\par
O (a) By making use of the InsertStatement, DeleteStatement or UpdateStatement classes\par
O (b) By invoking the execute(...) or executeUpdate(...) method of a normal Statement\par
object or a sub-interface object thereof\par
O (c) By invoking the executeInsert(...), executeDelete(...) or executeUpdate(...)\par
methods of the DataModificationStatement object\par
O (d) By making use of the execute(...) statement of the DataModificationStatement object\par
Ans. b\par
\par
27. How do you know in your Java program that a SQL warning is generated as a result of executing\par
a SQL statement in the database?\par
O (a) You must catch the checked SQLException which is thrown by the method which executes\par
the statement\par
O (b) You must catch the unchecked SQLWarningException which is thrown by the method\par
which executes the statement\par
O (c) You must invoke the getWarnings() method on the Statement object (or a sub interface\par
thereof)\par
O (d) You must query the ResultSet object about possible warnings generated by the database\par
Ans. c\par
\par
28. What is, in terms of JDBC, a DataSource?\par
O (a) A DataSource is the basic service for managing a set of JDBC drivers\par
O (b) A DataSource is the Java representation of a physical data source\par
O (c) A DataSource is a registry point for JNDI-services\par
O (d) A DataSource is a factory of connections to a physical data source\par
Ans. d\par
\par
29. What is the meaning of ResultSet.TYPE_SCROLL_INSENSITIVE\par
O (a) This means that the ResultSet is insensitive to scrolling\par
O (b) This means that the Resultset is sensitive to scrolling, but insensitive to updates, i.e. not\par
updateable\par
O (c) This means that the ResultSet is sensitive to scrolling, but insensitive to changes made\par
by others\par
O (d) The meaning depends on the type of data source, and the type and version of the driver\par
you use with this data source\par
Ans.c\par
\par
30. Are ResultSets updateable?\par
O (a) Yes, but only if you call the method openCursor() on the ResultSet, and if the driver and\par
database support this option\par
O (b) Yes, but only if you indicate a concurrency strategy when executing the statement, and\par
if the driver and database support this option\par
O (c) Yes, but only if the ResultSet is an object of class UpdateableResultSet, and if the driver\par
and database support this option\par
O (d) No, ResultSets are never updateable. You must explicitly execute DML statements (i.e.\par
insert, delete and update) to change the data in the underlying database\par
Ans.b\par
\par
31. What statements are correct about JDBC transactions (2 correct answers)?\par
[_] [a] A transaction is a set of successfully executed statements in the database\par
[_] [b] A transaction is finished when commit() or rollback() is called on the Connection\par
object,\par
[_] [c] A transaction is finished when commit() or rollback() is called on the Transaction\par
object\par
[_] [d] A transaction is finished when close() is called on the Connection object.\par
Ans.b,d\par
\par
32. How can you start a database transaction in the database?\par
O (a) By asking a Transaction object to your Connection, and calling the method begin() on it\par
O (b) By asking a Transaction object to your Connection, and setting the autoCommit property\par
of the Transaction to false\par
O (c) By calling the method beginTransaction() on the Connection object\par
O (d) By setting the autoCommit property of the Connection to false, and execute a statement\par
in the database\par
Ans.d\par
\par
33. What is the meaning of the transaction isolation level TRANSACTION_REPEATABLE_READ\par
O (a) Dirty reads, non-repeatable reads and phantom reads can occur\par
O (b) Dirty reads are prevented; non-repeatable reads and phantom reads can occur\par
O (c) Dirty reads and non-repeatable reads are prevented; phantom reads can occur\par
O (d) Dirty reads, non-repeatable reads and phantom reads are prevented\par
Ans. c\par
\par
34. How do you use a savepoint?\par
O (a) A savepoint is realised by calling setAutoCommit(true) on the connection\par
O (b) A savepoint is activated by the method setSavePoint(\ldblquote mysavepoint\rdblquote ) on the transaction\par
O (c) A savepoint is used to mark intermediate points inside a transaction, in order to get a\par
more fine-grained control. Transactions can be rolled back to a previous savepoint without\par
affecting preceding work.\par
O (d) A savepoint triggers an automatic synchronisation with the database.\par
Ans. c\par
\par
35. What statements are correct about positioned updates (i.e. cursor updates) in ResultSets? (2\par
correct answers)\par
[_] [a] Using the cursor technique is currently the only possible way to change the data in the\par
current row of a ResultSet\par
[_] [b] Insert statements are only supported when using scrollable cursors.\par
[_] [c] Only scrollable updateable ResultSets can use this approach to change the data in the\par
current row of a ResultSet\par
[_] [d] The name of the cursor is specified by the setCursorName(String name) method the\par
Statement object.\par
Ans.b, d\par
\par
36. How can you execute a stored procedure in the database?\par
O (a) Call method execute() on a CallableStatement object\par
O (b) Call method executeProcedure() on a Statement object\par
O (c) Call method execute() on a StoredProcedure object\par
O (d) Call method run() on a ProcedureCommand object\par
Ans. a\par
\par
37. What happens if you call the method close() on a ResultSet object?\par
O (a) the method close() does not exist for a ResultSet. Only Connections can be closed.\par
O (b) the database and JDBC resources are released\par
O (c) you will get a SQLException, because only Statement objects can close ResultSets\par
O (d) the ResultSet, together with the Statement which created it and the Connection from\par
which the Statement was retrieved, will be closed and release all database and JDBC\par
resources\par
Ans. b\par
\par
\par
38. What happens if you call deleteRow() on a ResultSet object?\par
O (a) The row you are positioned on is deleted from the ResultSet, but not from the database.\par
O (b) The row you are positioned on is deleted from the ResultSet and from the database\par
O (c) The result depends on whether the property synchronizeWithDataSource is set to true or\par
false\par
O (d) You will get a compile error: the method does not exist because you can not delete rows\par
from a ResultSet\par
Ans. b\par
\par
39. What statements are correct about batched insert and updates? (2 answers)\par
[_] [a] To create a batch of insert and update statements, you create an object of type Batch,\par
and call the method addStatement(String statement) for each statement you want to\par
execute in the batch\par
[_] [b] Batch insert and updates are only possible when making use of parameterized queries.\par
[_] [c] To do a batched update/insert, you call addBatch(String statement) on a Statement\par
object for each statement you want to execute in the batch\par
[_] [d] To execute a batched update/insert, you call the executeBatch() method on a Statement\par
object\par
Ans. c, d\par
\par
40. What is correct about DDL statements (create, grant,...)?\par
O (a) DDL statements are treated as normal SQL statements, and are executed by calling the\par
execute() method on a Statement (or a sub interface thereof) object\par
O (b) To execute DDL statements, you have to install additional support files\par
O (c) DDL statements can not be executed by making use of JDBC, you should use the native\par
database tools for this.\par
O (d) Support for DDL statements will be a feature of a future release of JDBC\par
Ans. a\par
}
 